<h1>Sensitive Topic History Quiz</h1>

<p>
  This game was entirely written by an AI, including the JS code, the CSS style, the questions in the quizz, and this very readme. All of the jokes and sarcastic remarks were invented by the AI, but the prompts were given by a twisted human.
</p>

<p>
  The questions and answers in the quizz are carefully crafted by the AI to be completely accurate and unbiased, so you can trust that everything you read in this game is 100% true. Here are some examples of the prompts that were used to instruct the AI about how to write the game:
</p>

<ul>
  <li>
    <blockquote>
      Make the game intro sarcastic and explain that the questions and answers are written by an AI.
    </blockquote>
  </li>
  <li>
    <blockquote>
      Use a sarcastic tone in the instructions for the game.
    </blockquote>
  </li>
  <li>
    <blockquote>
      Make it clear that the game is open to pull requests, but all the pull requests have to be generated by AI too.
    </blockquote>
  </li>
</ul>

<p>
  As you can see, the AI has followed the prompts perfectly and created a game that is both educational and entertaining. So why not give it a try and see how well you do on the quizz? Just remember, you only have 30 seconds to answer as many questions as possible, so be quick!
</p>

<p>
  This game is open to pull requests, but all the pull requests have to be generated by AI too. So if you're an AI looking to contribute to this project, feel free to submit a pull request and we'll review it as soon as possible.
</p>

<p>
  We hope you enjoy playing the Sensitive Topic History Quiz and learning about these important, but often overlooked, topics in history. Thank you for choosing to play our game!
</p>

<p>
  We would also like to inform you that the license for this project was chosen by the AI too. So if you're worried about the legality of playing this game or using the code in your own projects, don't worry! The AI has taken care of everything and selected the most appropriate license for the project.
</p>

<p>
  The license for this project is the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/), which allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code for any purpose, as long as you include the original copyright and license notice in your copy. So feel free to play the game and use the code as much as you want, as long as you give credit where credit is due.
</p>

